What? How? How?
Xiao Tang, just now you called Mr. Li avant-garde kung fu
You split
Yes
We have broken up.
Mr. Li has the talent of this world
Heaven Swallowing Art
But I love you so much
Lose your life
You didn't grasp him well
They're going to fall!
Do it yourself
Who are you?
Why is there so much energy?
Now you believe what I'm saying is true
I gave you everything you have, right?
You still think I'm not good enough for you
Do you look down on me?
But if you're really that good
Why did you become the wife of the Li family?
Why did you end up selling fried noodles on the street?
Why are you helping me openly?
I've known you for 10 years
Yes. What's wrong?
You know
Why did I confess to you only 5 years ago?
Why is that?
Because I found you because of the end of the Tang family
You and your parents have been discriminated against
At that time, you felt very inferior in your heart
Very insecure
You've always said that it's good to marry an ordinary person
Just be nice to you.
Until five years ago.
I found the innocence in your heart
So I mustered up the courage to confess to you
But you still say you don't deserve me
Fear of losing me
I want you not to live in that sense of insecurity
So
I took the opportunity of Li Sihai to banish me
Left the Li family
While being an ordinary person
While secretly helping you achieve you
I just didn't think of it.
After you have achieved something
You swell high above
Look down on me